In this program, we siimulate soft-disk particles governed by a Lennard-Jones
potential. The particle simulation is visualized in a video and palyed after
the run.
Dependencies on this program include vlc for video viewing.
This can be installed with the following command

sudo apt install VLC

In addition, for the compilation of images, ffmpeg will be needed.
This program can be installed with 

sudo apt install ffmpeg

R scripts used to plot the particle coordinates weill be run from the 
command line. As such, the Rscript program will be needed.
One can try the following command to make sure it is recognized in the
PATH env variable:

sudo apt-get install r-base-core

Any modifications to the program will require any C compiler such as gcc for
re-compilation.

This program is meant to be run in Unix-like OS such as the GNU/Linux OS or the
Mac OS.


To run this program, it is recommended to run the bash script

new_run.bash

The script zu_run_system.bash will not clean the previous run. The script
zt_clean.bash will clean any runs (this entail removing all videos and image
files).

Giving this script the argument 1 will skip the main C program from being
compiled.

The paramers for this program are found in the file parameters.txt. These are
encouraged to be experimented by the user.
The parameters are read newline separated.
The meaning of each parameter can be understood from the GetNameList.c source
file.
Th parameters meanings in the parameters.txt file are as follows:
timestep size
-density of particles system
-number of cells in the x-direction
-number of cells in the y-direction
-number of cells in the z-direction
-number of steps for averaging macro quantities such as pressure
-number of steps for equilibrating the system (this entails making the total
momentum equal to zero).
Total number of steps (this governs the length of the simulation).
Temperature (this indicates the avg speed of the particles and is conserved).

After executing new_run.bash, the program will output the video using the
program vlc.
